Chart: Update Tooltip API demo description (#30702)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Charts/TooltipAPI/description.md

> You can utilize the tooltip API to implement custom display logic for tooltips in DevExtreme chart components. This demo creates a [PieChart](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PieChart/Getting_Started_with_PieChart/) with **tooltip**.[enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/tooltip/#enabled) set to `false` and implements the [showTooltip()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Chart_Elements/Point/Methods/#showTooltip) method to display tooltips. Click a point or select an item in the [SelectBox](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/SelectBox/Overview/) component below the PieChart to test this functionality.

Reviewer: I am not sure "display logic" works here. I am trying to simplify your paragraph.

```suggestion
You can use tooltip API members to manage its visibility in code. This demo creates a [DevExtreme PieChart](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PieChart/Getting_Started_with_PieChart/) and disables its default tooltip. When you click a pie segment or select an item in the **Choose Region** [box], the [showTooltip()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Chart_Elements/Point/Methods/#showTooltip) method call displays a tooltip.
```
